[Guide] Revise host enrollment and unenrollment instructions (#43900)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/enroll-hosts.md

In the Google Admin console:

1. In the navigation menu, select **Devices > Chrome > Managed Browsers**.

2. Select the relevant OU where you want the fleetd Chrome extension to be blocked.

3. In the bottom right, select the **+** button and select **Add Chrome app or extension by ID**.

4. Go to your Fleet instance and select **Hosts > Add Hosts** and select **ChromeOS** in the popup modal.

5. Enter the **Extension ID** and **Installation URL** using the data provided in the modal.

6. Under **Installation Policy**, select **Block**.

### Unenroll

Determine if MDM is on via **MDM status** on the **Host details** page.

#### AB-enrolled hosts (macOS, iOS, iPadOS)

1. Turn off MDM:
  - macOS: **Actions > Turn off MDM**
  - iOS/iPadOS: **Actions > Unenroll**

2. [Uninstall fleetd](https://fleetdm.com/guides/how-to-uninstall-fleetd) for macOS hosts.

3. Re-enroll the host. Fleet automatically cancels pending commands, scripts, and software installs, and clears completed activity from the previous enrollment.

> > Do not delete AB hosts from Fleet before re-enrolling. Fleet handles clearing stale state automatically on re-enrollment. For more details on AB host re-enrollment behavior, see the [Apple MDM setup guide](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-mdm-setup#re-enrolling-ab-hosts).

Reviewer: @melpike I think this framing makes me a bit more alarmed than necessary. I can delete if I want to right? I just don't need to.

#### All other hosts

1. Turn off MDM:
  - Windows: download the [turn off MDM script](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/it-and-security/lib/windows/scripts/turn-off-mdm.ps1), add it to the host's fleet on the **Scripts** page in Fleet, and run the script via **Actions > Run script** on the host's details page. 

>   - Android: **Actions > Unenroll**

Reviewer: @melpike there's some duplication here that I think we can remove.

I'm thinking we just bring the guide to the way it was and only update the grey box (>) to say that you don't have to delete for Apple Business hosts.

Author: @noahtalerman updated!

3. [Uninstall fleetd](https://fleetdm.com/guides/how-to-uninstall-fleetd) for macOS, Windows, and Linux hosts. 

4. Select **Actions > Delete** to delete the host from Fleet.

> > Delete the host from Fleet before re-enrolling to clear labels, prevent pending actions, and avoid showing stale vitals. **AB hosts are the exception**. Fleet automatically clears stale state on re-enrollment, so deletion isn't needed. See the [Apple MDM setup guide](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-mdm-setup#re-enrolling-ab-hosts) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Delete the host from Fleet before re-enrolling to clear labels, prevent pending actions, and avoid showing stale vitals. **Apple Business (AB) hosts are the exception**. Fleet automatically clears stale state on re-enrollment, so deletion isn't needed. See the [Apple MDM setup guide](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-mdm-setup#re-enrolling-ab-hosts) for details.
```

Nice!

I think we spell out the acronym here because it's not mentioned close to this spot in the guide.

### Switch a workstation's operating system

If an end user wants to switch their workstation's operating system (e.g., Windows to Linux):
  - **AB-enrolled hosts**: Re-enroll the host after switching. Fleet automatically clears stale labels and cancels pending commands, scripts, and software installs from the previous enrollment. Do not delete the host from Fleet before re-enrolling.

>   - **All other hosts**: Delete the host from Fleet before they switch, then re-enroll the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an end user wants to switch their workstation's operating system (e.g., Windows to Linux), delete the host from Fleet before they switch. Then, re-enroll the host.
```

I don't think we need to mention Apple hosts here. Unlike Windows/Linux hardware, I don't think end users don't switch operating systems (e.g. macOS => Windows) on Apple hardware.
